docs: Update requirements (#1)
strapi-community/website: README.md

For the website there are no designs so you have a lot of creative freedom. Though, there are a couple of hard requirements.

1. The website can be built with any kind of frontend framework, or even just plain HTML. Build it how ever you see fit.
2. Feel free to use any kind of CSS framework, or build it from scratch
3. The website should be responsive
4. Create a `INSTALL.md` file consisting of instructions on how to run the app
5. The design should align with the [strapi design system](https://design-system.strapi.io/) at least in terms of colors.
6. The website should contain at least the following elements:
  	- Navigation/menu
  	- A hero component to showcase featured content and click through with a button
  	- A card to show clickable content in a grid
  	- Basic form elements (input, checkbox, radio's, textarea, button)
	  - An example form using the form elements
  	- Typography styling (h1, h2, h3, p, a)
  	- Footer

### 📜 Page implementation

> A valid submission should contain **one** of the following three pages to showcase all the components as a whole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A valid submission should contain all the components described below, this can be either on a single page or multiple pages.
```
